I'm trivikrama the sports editor of
Jacaranda FM and we're here at OU our
Tambo International Airport well it
could certainly have been a big occasion
but unfortunately it's not just a
handful of spectators I would estimate
in the region of about a hundred
spectators gathered here in the early
hours this morning as part of the south
african party returned from the Cricket
World Cup in Australasia the first party
of South Africans returning from the
Cricket World Cup including a B de
Villiers JP Duminy Dell stayin coach
Russel Domingo amongst others as well as
50 plus e made their way out of the
arrivals hall in the region of about
quarter past five South African time
this morning as they emerged from a long
38 hour journey across from Auckland in
New Zealand on their return from the
Cricket World Cup
nobody can quite console a captain and a
coach when you're returning after that
shattering semi-final defeat to New
Zealand in Auckland just a couple of
days ago but a b de Villiers and Russell
Domingo as per usual handled handled
themselves at this morning's press
conference with the usual dignity
befitting a captain and a coach of a
national team a b de Villiers once again
was very very quick to absolve any blame
look at the Duckworth Lewis system and
its merits or anything related to what
might have caused that semi-final lost
in Auckland there are so many ifs and
buts and austell I wasn't bid that other
not thinking of the couple of dot bulls
are face towards them and lots of things
come up - eternally come into your mind
and but like I said we left everything
out there there's absolutely not one
person of the Ultima man that every
single member of the squad were they
worth 100 percent of everything they
have in them and the shuttle of a person
out there on the field clearly we're EAB
Devillier said he didn't want to get too
analytical or think too hard at what had
gone down on that fateful evening in
Auckland against New Zealand in the
semi-final I'll just need some time away
players my dogs better on the golf or to
have a beer - the messages that we've
been getting and the and the support
we've been getting the South Africans
were running - at the airport now on the
plane it's been incredible and honestly
as a captain didn't expect that at all I
was expecting a lot of negative stuff
and it's all been positive to be very
honest alludes despite a late arrival
early this morning during the press
conference Vickie Lee and by Luna was
there at the tail end of the press
conference to say he's usual few words
and welcome back a Proteus team I
wouldn't have woken up to come here this
morning if I was going to welcome a
bunch of losers or a bunch of jokers I
say that gentlemen from their reality
and how you conducted the business in
New Zealand and in the World Cup you
have made this nation proud you've made
us proud and in an impromptu moment
captain AV de Villiers even
gift for the minister of sport himself
in the form of a portrait signed by the
national team of the World Cup squad I'm
trivikrama at the o R Tambo
International Airport for Jacaranda FM
sport